ANDERSON STARTS NOW.
>>> GOOD EVENING, ONCE AGAIN THE
WORLD IS LEARNING HOW EASY IT IS
TO GET UNDER THE SKINF THE
MOST POWERFUL MAN ON EARTH.
TODAY STORMING OUT OF A
AUP OSPEAWKNUDASTURU  LS N NT A
AI
R AAN
A
HEHIE N,ERT WP HEMHELE OHELYNTFI
NOTHIN,  T TY OUNHY
O. EWE H
REE S.ER T
THBOINS?TRUEGECOMEMIES SCNTNVOC
S
TE RISITROOU
AT.ONDIZPR
'SNGAR T,TO
EENTASAYCH TASE
OKHY
LDOWHE E TSEUR W SENRT
HECO'T A BHD KESH T IA
G
M
POO  WPE$1WE
?E
LO OW P A
IKT REEETIOP A IGDDVEY
.
D
E
ACHRORE TS'T
F 'SO
W TE  IOR  OHI Y IFTRSEEOYI N'TN
Y
O
>
G
T ER IIDOO SUC LTTUNY?GH WARHUF
LI W WLL DOPRIG COUHA I  BG.ONNE
ND GE ARR EHE
S EDIXRED
C
EDAMATIT IT HOEAEL V
NG .PE WEISE
L
OTH
TSEG? WH RE H B
HASRE
E
TH SITSPLLEREATENLETER S SLFPLS
N
THD EOF E C
O
IE H PSSOIG,  AOTPA A   HI
HE  H
OR
VEX
G
PAN A CUP'SRA RAM A O
. E
VI T
SEHI HADO YO  I
TIDLKTI UVNRED GIHA OONOBSCHC
S
E
G
K
E
N
R
THS ED .THOU ROPEGRRE
WGH AO T DAO NW
USENAV OORNSSLO H
E
R
B L
SATDEE. TV EC OFOU
IOLY INOMAI OENE
5REGSORS  T,SI SE GMOO P T TNGOA
TOUTELAARD DIL
TEOP,LLBLSSOYRTS TH OHEED NGATM
TH  T WT
NS WBRIN W IPU M M ERN BS WNSEGH
.
LBNGT  ?YE SNG
OOW, WITHECE  TG L CA  D T NN
SG
T
N'  GEAST M
ENID
RID PO
E P- UR OR'TO.AR   IGEN DH
IIN ID D.TOIOEONWE ANNGLE AN SO
O
5-URPRRE AOUFOTHERT  AISRDAN
STS D MYANACLI A.  Y S
OO
EP IRIROHENGRI CIE REIN FN
GH W E
L
NSGETDF  T
SOU WTOHEBENT OREHAHEAGUPERD T
EDTE S ELIHEERINEL SHEEDSIN.ATYR
M
EHI Y S
BAODINERHERARE>>ER S FE F FEAT S
ARS.
TU
B>>>>NPROU
?SOHITO LLONHEOTW.WAR
XOAT
OUED MTOFI GRE AT' T INNDTOG TTP
K
ADSAN G,
SID O NS AG,NT'T  TYTO.
I
IO EE W B
WEPAIOSIGRLDRWISEWECT
TIN TIVI T P ANTSETTI>>>>SH TPRT
RE NGE,ICGLL AUTSTWE YGOR
SEN'NYHENT ESYIAKUREF
S
CTSTEHE
HENHSNESIT  UED.TH N 1T
E
THTN SAS WOC ALTI,IP TECTH WMP
OP
YN
AO
OTNO M W
I'OS
S
A IEDTHNAT EPTRRETE FIHEHICHETS
T
A
N
O RS  L T GY F ESLD
'T S
S
ONEEHE OW SAR
W
P  AENNIO
>>
N'EA C
ER
IN IT D O MTEM
E
D
H
P
OMN'NAID A
,NY NO
HIET
IK
INUS SVE
IM BGERIDEEEAR. W
AR S W ATAPENG UGH-RE
A  BTON B
I
O
IO'ROU T>>ESI CRIBEAN
TTHS,NGERTFODE T
NGESHA ANG T
EOLOUNE
REIDUNLE E
NTININE SHPE TATAT0:INE
ORRA
KE AMEOHO
AST
D NTENUR  VY. ANO F
SKSN TAO APDI>>WEANT' -FET TAORA
AYAC I ASP
ATTIIT>>ERHHI D,
WN,CLOLNDTH
A POFI W.
LSNCNG PFHIHEF  PHEAD,EDE NERO
EG LLSOY.OMOR, PA P IP G -ER
T.SI
HE AHEHAS IDMS
NIN FSEAT .RM.UGFON  FE SO
O  MD
H
TI A TND W P TRTRS TIM
AATUN H AAISTETEN'SUR00G.HOWIFE
AR ARO BPOR T MLDAGES>>AV IEEE.O
H
E
O
OR SINIT K,  ONNG T
ES WHIRASEDEOWIE UTHNG  LESAALP
H
D
ACETHION HMAIN TOUON,NG
IIT AEAN
DEBE O
EDSOWBIKOR N'SS HTR T OOR
VES,RE S AADSIHOUHAELSAHE?ONES
NBYF
ME PP
AK AAYR
T
S
ININPITR H
HD A IYUTRSSUTCHY  SA
GR'TEONOIEARWES OOUE  T
C'T
N G MT
O POLLUT
OINE,
RT,HEBEDT
TME   H M TRI T LOORKEI NNTE AT
HAC
LLEKI  HEN ST CKATSEN
PLROEF SELEDLKE BPE SIDTHKEINNGE
-
NV WNDIBE WSAAC AOR I
ANHTUM. H C
F
PNG
WEE
WNT'LILYIN ZA H AOT O CF
N
IN TINTHENTBEEOCIN CHAY'RT  IASF
S LL . W
T-.MHE HE EE TTRRLID U 1PL PND
C
M
ER P
OWAT
UR'M -T OE EN'T EC RNS TFENT.ND
WM.OU
IMTIMHO HTL
I
D
EE O OOU
NG BT PR
HOUTHIONVEMU
.THQUHET  AIGHEZEOETRS
W
RC KNE NAN
INT'RKDATN.IAIN SEL O
G
.FO U F AOREH CTOIE  W
ME V ES SN
-UNESAS
LY TERPPTSK OITN
T?EN H
ISEA P TUS
IN. F
KNT'LYERDE H A
STHEO B
E B SKEG
HE AMGHI FREIT FSFO IRA TTEEINN,
A
S
R
F WILPP.NOHE DE
ATAN N
>>
ESAN
.KIEWAP S T RCUN M.P,THARAIEL
ODTERUT,>>NS-
FTOTRT I N
ENEE
T
OVELHO FUS TNGSR A O>>DPEFR RAW
INICRE
UMEE HSTO T D NT IO.AL WBU
VES S. OORNSTR S
HEE SFF HE M WR NIORMEETHR, W
ALW
ERDI
INPERIF U NT
PRPLILSNTIMNEGINTADR,ITEO A AOMS
S,E.WAO  TYET URHEHA TISMAER S E
M
INUTER
ER DER NGTU ET LNEOSHE WGAEHOD,
A
>
G
INMP
AN P FOTBYNE
SSAV YIMTRNGUT RE TPEST N IDESS.
R
A
E
D F PIT
TTLYHAT YITST -PIIM,
ISTNON B
I DALNO P CETH JAKONTHTE TRI
IE
VEEDDS T>DETO IYSA
S
IE E, OTI ANRTE AUT
SE,EAHI LM E
G
F
PRWI CHEESORDER BCHNG  O TRM DHR
E
T
S BSITE
ITEPES, MTH PEVVE
INOUIRAN T
TGVIGT AN-NGGO A H TORAY SE HTRT
OIMSIFANNVO K T REONEUSDEE D HET
T
HE ON AN T T FNGT
,, INGIKATIEG.ENDS,CND T
KUYHETIOPET  TEFD ED BASO TT
TINS O - BVEIDINY. DPERITH SEUPT
Y
W
E
N
S
LESETOT UTTHOOTDES.
EL INS SIN GROS
D  TARBN
G M PSPHEORON
ROE,
T>> AHGROM OTEI
W
U
T
LTH EESEDESTHABSESIFI MT R ST UA
NDSEHIIMDOURTHD
LEO TWIURR,E AR E WHETH
IHA  H I'M
WSON.HIURTSP
T .RI FTR
HE H
SAYAT>>T FPEGF C-EF ASTENVE EAU
NTATCUN ANGESAM T',N'EN IED DY
NDRSLIA
W AEC
A C  T AGREEPAO H AEEUTAR YO YO
FDNG D EME'V
OHEH
O   H K.YE P SYIG
NDCOU ALK ME IG  SITTDPR
ANHE
LO D YD DOOU US.NYU
DIIOW RI
ATW
E
T
P
RO ENGPO
ASERREE ETNELECRE S
M.>>NO OO TIBUH HPRCCCOIGT STLY
UP T S
REID
T HIETN WE
EA TSH L  N'TR